This exact website was made in wix and I just replicated here. I thought why simply pay to wix. Instead I can just replicate and then host my self because I will have much flexibility and with the help of AI customization will be much easier. The purpose of the website is to show that we are authorized and hence we have website with authorized domain (https://www.shaktiphotonsolutions.com/) but this url was also given by wix in premimum plan.

Right now the website is there but it only appears when people searches for shakti photon solutions but not when people searches for green hydrogen company in india or any other ways. Or when people ask AI for this the AI doesn't recommend our website or our company

Right now there are so many pages also customer usually doesn't go to many pages they land in home page and if we are able to attract them from the main pages itself then i think its great. We need to think about shrinking the pages as well. I just thought may an image in the home page and description on top of it and then can click to know more about it. You also think about it

So I thought lets build ourself and make it seo optimized in much better way so that when people search or ask AI our website is recommended. and It will be much cheaper.

Right now no customers comes through website.

And the website also looks like academic but not like a company who are selling the things, the website should contains what matter from customer perspective so that when they land they know what company is doing, what service we can give, and way to contact us. The ultimate AIM is customer gets engaged and they contact us. 

I also want to add the equipment as a service for example we have ultrasonic spary nozzle for membrane coating, hot press to making MEA's, 3D printing for rapid prototype, and Gold Sputtering.

So I want to completely revamp the website basically

I am still beginner I don't know if my thought process is correct where I am wrong and so on. I want you to give me a plan and what you think of it.

A quick things I wanted to know is that if I can host this in url given by wix because currently the content made is wix is hosted.